CDP-200: document greetings methods (#1571)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/management/configuration-api/v3.6/index.mdx

| `active_from`                      | `string`                       | No       | RFC 3339 date-time format; when the greeting becomes active                                                   |
| `active_until`                     | `string`                       | No       | RFC 3339 date-time format; when the greeting stops being active                                               |
| `name`                             | `string`                       | No       | Greeting name (cannot be empty if provided)                                                                   |
| `rules`                            | `object[]`                     | No       | Array of action rules; see [Create Greeting rules documentation](#create-greeting) for detailed structure and validation |
| `properties`                       | `object`                       | No       | Additional properties; see [Create Greeting properties documentation](#create-greeting) for allowed keys     |
| `rich_message`                     | `object`                       | No       | Rich message content; see [Create Greeting rich_message documentation](#create-greeting) for complete structure |

> #### Notes

Reviewer: These notes here are redundant — repeat info from the table above. I'd suggest removing them

| `id`      | `int`     | Yes      | ID of the greeting to delete   |

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.6/configuration/action/delete_greeting \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "id": 123
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### List Greetings

Returns a list of greetings, optionally filtered by groups. The method supports pagination to handle large result sets.

#### Specifics

|                                  |                                                                        |
| -------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Method URL                       | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.6/configuration/action/list_greetings` |
| Required scopes                  | `greetings:ro`                                                         |
| [Batch support](#batch-requests) | No                                                                     |

#### Request

> | Parameter  | Data type | Required | Default | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: We don't have a 'default' column in our docs' tables, if there are any default values, they should be added in the notes

| ---------- | --------- | -------- | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `groups`   | `array`   | No       | All accesible groups | Array of group IDs to filter greetings. Cannot be used with `page_id`.                                                                                   |
| `page_id`  | `string`  | No       | -       | Page ID for pagination. When provided, `groups` and `limit` parameters are ignored as they're encoded in the page ID. Cannot be used with `groups` or `limit`.                           |

> | `limit`    | `int`     | No       | `100`   | Number of greetings per page. Must be between 1 and 100. Cannot be used with `page_id`.                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `limit`    | `int`     | No       | `100`   | Number of greetings per page; default: 100. Limited to 100. Cannot be used with `page_id`.                                                                                                     |
```

#### Response

| Field             | Data type | Notes                                                                                                        |
| ----------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `greetings`       | `array`   | Array of greeting objects. See [Create Greeting](#create-greeting) for the structure of greeting objects.  |

> | `found_greetings` | `int`     | Total number of greetings found (not just in current page).                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `found_greetings` | `int`     | The total number of greetings.                                             |
```

> | `next_page_id`    | `string`  | Page ID for the next page of results. Only present if there are more results available.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `next_page_id`    | `string`  | Page ID for the next page of results; returned only if more results are available.                     |
```

| --------- | --------- | -------- | -------------------------- |
| `id`      | `int`     | Yes      | ID of the greeting to get  |

#### Response

Returns a greeting object with the same structure as described in [Create Greeting](#create-greeting), plus the `id` field.

| Field           | Data type | Notes                                                                      |
| --------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `id`            | `int`     | Greeting ID.                                                               |
| `type`          | `string`  | Greeting type (`normal` or `announcement`).                                |
| `active`        | `boolean` | Whether the greeting is active.                                            |
| `active_from`   | `string`  | ISO 8601 datetime when the greeting becomes active (if set).              |
| `active_until`  | `string`  | ISO 8601 datetime when the greeting stops being active (if set).          |
| `name`          | `string`  | Greeting name.                                                             |

> | `group`         | `int`     | ID of the group the greeting belongs to.                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `group`         | `int`     | ID of the group the greeting is assigned to.                             |
```
